boards: nxp: imxrt10xx: update debugging documentation (#74253)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/develop/flash_debug/probes.rst

Several hardware vendors have their own branded onboard debug probe
implementations: NXP boards may use
`OpenSDA <#opensda-onboard-debug-probe>`_,

> `LPC-Link2 <#lpclink2-onboard-debug-probe>`_, or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`LPC-Link2 <#lpc-link2-onboard-debug-probe>`_, or
```

Once the MCU-Link host tools are installed, the following steps are
required to program the CMSIS-DAP firmware:

> 1. Make sure the MCU-Link utility is installed on your host machine. This can
>    be installed by installing :ref:`linkserver-debug-host-tools`.

Reviewer 2: "installed by installing" is odd :) maybe:

```suggestion
1. Make sure the MCU-Link utility is present on your host machine. This can
   be done by installing :ref:`linkserver-debug-host-tools`.
```

and do something for the 4 other occurences?
